hey guys so this is to look that I will
be creating today hope you guys are
having a fabulous day first day of the
year and oh this is the look that I will
be creating ok so let me give me using
my 88 neutral palette from bhcosmetics
next color i'll be using is well
actually i'll be taking close it
discreet
alright next we want to take this brown
right here
this one
I'm going to blend it out with this
brush right here so Sonia Kashuk
Brown
it's browner than this side so what I'm
going to do to fix it is take like a
lighter brown let's eat one just to
lighten it up all right okay next from
my arm rub on I know this looks really
harsh right now but I'm going to blend
that out fix thing
all right they want to take a smudging
brush like this and go back in with that
inner tear ducts color and my how I
color and place it more in tomorrow
highlight my inner turned up to a little
bit more like so then I'm going to take
this black this palette any black you
guys fine let's eat outside cool
okay next I want to take some false
lashes by over lash very natural looking
as you can see
just kind of blend them together ok now
i get is dry i'm going to my face up I
just could use consumer from my face gun
boy Mac
also places lightly on my cheat the
apple of my cheeks we're going to take
this this is elfs condom bronzer and
I'll just use my brush and go like that
just place it to you gives me a nice
glow they're nice kim kardashian glow
like so and for the rest of my face guys
I have 11 my lips piece of hair I have
won a operand lip liner by enlightened
okay relax then I have one real which I
showed you guys already real pretty
color then on top of it i have on the
beige girl Mabel lip gloss mega shine
lipgloss by and wags that's right okay
and this completes
you
bye guys open till late have a great day